Order Details: Show more button on Product section for recreating shipping labels (#5255)
woocommerce/woocommerce-ios: RELEASE-NOTES.txt

7.9
-----
- [*] Fix: after disconnecting a site or connecting to a new site, the sites in site picker (Settings > Switch Store) should be updated accordingly. The only exception is when the newly disconnected site is the currently selected site. [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/5241]

> - [*] Order Details: Show More button on Product section to allow recreating shipping labels. [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/5255]

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
- [*] Order Details: Show "More button" on a Product detail to allow recreating shipping labels. [https://github.com/woocommerce/woocommerce-ios/pull/5255]
```
